Support bucket priorities and partial checkpoints (#243)
powersync-ja/powersync.dart: demos/supabase-todolist/README.md

Then deploy the following sync rules:

```yaml
bucket_definitions:
  user_lists:
    priority: 1
    parameters: select id as list_id from lists where owner_id = request.user_id()
    data:
      - select * from lists where id = bucket.list_id

  user_todos:
    parameters: select id as list_id from lists where owner_id = request.user_id()
    data:
      - select * from todos where list_id = bucket.list_id
```

> The rules synchronize list with a higher priority the items within the list. This can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These rules showcase [prioritized sync](https://docs.powersync.com/usage/use-case-examples/prioritized-sync), by syncing a user's lists with a higher priority than the items within a list (todos). This can be
```
